Add troubleshooting tips for CleverTap (#5077)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/clevertap/index.md

If you chose not to bundle the CleverTap Mobile SDK, then you will have to implement your own Push Message processors (and you won't have access to CleverTap's In-App feature).

If you decide to implement your own Push Message processors, then you can pass push tokens to CleverTap using the server-side destination. You can do this by sending it inside context.device.token.

## Troubleshooting

### Verbose Logging

> When using Web Device-mode, you can enable verbose logging of all communication with CleverTap servers by setting the `theWZRK_D` variable in `sessionStorage`. In the developer console of your browser, enter `sessionStorage['WZRK_D'] = '';`, you will see error messages and warnings logged. Please check [CleverTap docs](https://developer.clevertap.com/docs/web-quickstart-guide#debugging) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Web Device-mode, you can enable verbose logging of all communication with CleverTap servers by setting the `theWZRK_D` variable in `sessionStorage`. In the developer console of your browser, enter `sessionStorage['WZRK_D'] = '';`, you'll see error messages and warnings logged. See the [CleverTap Web Quickstart Guide](https://developer.clevertap.com/docs/web-quickstart-guide#debugging){:target="_blank"} for more details.
```
